docs: Update Studio/HD documentation with latest details (#20209)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/studio/Hot Design/hot-design-toolbar.md

- <img src="Assets/toolbar-hot-design-exit-icon.png" alt="Exit icon" height="30" style="vertical-align:middle; margin-right:6px;" /> **Exit**: Returns to your running app view while keeping the app state intact.

<p align="center">
  <img src="Assets/toolbar-hot-design-enter-exit.gif" alt="How to enter and exit Hot Design mode" />
</p>

## Play and Pause Your App

The **Play** and **Pause** buttons let you switch between two modes while using Hot Design:

- <img src="Assets/toolbar-play.png" alt="Play icon" height="30" style="vertical-align:middle; margin-right:6px;" /> **Play**: Enters **interactive mode**, allowing you to test your running app. You can interact with the UI, trigger navigation, test bindings, and validate animations, all without leaving Hot Design.

- <img src="Assets/toolbar-pause.png" alt="Pause icon" height="30" style="vertical-align:middle; margin-right:6px;" /> **Pause**: Returns you to **selection/editing mode**, where you can adjust layout, modify properties, and refine the structure of your UI.

> Click **Play** to preview behavior, then **Pause** to continue designing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click **Play** to preview your new updates, then **Pause** to continue designing.
```

<p align="center">
  <img src="Assets/toolbar-designer-settings-zoom.png" alt="Designer Settings - Zoom" width="500" />
</p>

#### Keyboard Shortcuts

You can adjust zoom using the following shortcuts:

- **Zoom in**:

  `Ctrl + +` (or `Cmd + +` on macOS)
- **Zoom out**:

  `Ctrl + -` (or `Cmd + -` on macOS)
- **Fit the canvas to your window**:

  `Ctrl + 0` (or `Cmd + 0` on macOS)
- **Zoom to 100% / 200% / 300%**:

  `Ctrl + 1` / `2` / `3` (or `Cmd + 1` / `2` / `3` on macOS)
- **Toggle Auto-Fit**:

  `Ctrl + 9` (or `Cmd + 9` on macOS)
- Or **hold** `Ctrl` (or `Cmd` on macOS) and scroll with your mouse or trackpad

<p align="center">
  <img src="Assets/toolbar-designer-settings-zoom-shortcuts.png" alt="Designer Settings - Zoom Shortcuts" width="500" />
</p>

#### Auto-Fit

When **Auto-Fit** is enabled, the canvas scales to fit your window automatically.

<p align="center">
  <img src="Assets/toolbar-designer-settings-auto-fit.png" alt="Designer Settings - Auto-Fit" width="500" />
</p>

## Switch Between Light and Dark Themes

> Quickly preview your app in **Light** or **Dark** mode without changing your system or IDE settings. This helps ensure your UI adapts correctly to both themes, including text readability, background contrast, and resource behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quickly preview your app in **Light** or **Dark** theme without changing your system or IDE settings. This helps ensure your UI adapts correctly to both themes, including text readability, background contrast, and resource behavior.
```
